Changing checklist to improve formatting and removing automated steps (#2234)
kubeshop/tracetest: TESTING.md

This is the entire checklist on what we should do to assert that Tracetest is working fine on each version release. On each version release, we can copy the contents of this checklist and open a Github Discussion to start each test.

- [ ] Check if our release pipeline on [Release Tracetest](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/actions/workflows/release-version.yml) workflow on Github Actions worked correctly.
- [ ] Double check [Detailed installation](https://docs.tracetest.io/getting-started/detailed-installation) doc and see if everything is documented correctly

> - Test CLI updates
>   - [ ] MacOS via homebrew
>   - [ ] MacOS via curl script
>   - [ ] Windows via chocolatey
>   - [ ] Windows via manual download
> 
> - Test server installation via CLI
>   - [ ] Docker Compose and no demo API
>   - [ ] Docker Compose and demo API
>   - [ ] Kubernetes and no demo API
>   - [ ] Kubernetes and demo API
> 
> - Test Tracetest examples
>   - [ ] [Amazon X-Ray example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-amazon-x-ray)
>   - [ ] [Datadog example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-datadog)
>   - [ ] [Elastic APM example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-elasticapm)
>   - [ ] [Lightstep example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-lightstep)
>   - [ ] [New Relic example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-new-relic)
>   - [ ] [SignalFX example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-signalfx)
> 
> - Test specific features added/changed on this release on a local installation or in a Kubernetes installation:
>   - [ ] Add features here

Reviewer: I think we can split this checklist into RC validations and final release validations:

```suggestion

### Tests to validate RC

- Test server installation via CLI
  - [ ] Docker Compose and no demo API
  - [ ] Docker Compose and demo API
  - [ ] Kubernetes and no demo API
  - [ ] Kubernetes and demo API

- Test Tracetest examples
  - [ ] [Amazon X-Ray example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-amazon-x-ray)
  - [ ] [Datadog example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-datadog)
  - [ ] [Elastic APM example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-elasticapm)
  - [ ] [Lightstep example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-lightstep)
  - [ ] [New Relic example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-new-relic)
  - [ ] [SignalFX example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-signalfx)

- Test specific features added/changed on this release:
  - [ ] Add features here
  
  ### Tests to validate final release
- Test CLI updates
  - [ ] MacOS via homebrew
  - [ ] MacOS via curl script
  - [ ] Windows via chocolatey
  - [ ] Windows via manual download

- Test specific features added/changed on this release:
  - [ ] Add features here

```

Author: It makes sense, thinking that we are implementing the RC process, it could be good to split this process in two to turn them less painful.

- [ ] Double check [Detailed installation](https://docs.tracetest.io/getting-started/detailed-installation) doc and see if everything is documented correctly

### Tests to validate RC

- Test server installation via CLI
  - [ ] Docker Compose and no demo API
  - [ ] Docker Compose and demo API
  - [ ] Kubernetes and no demo API
  - [ ] Kubernetes and demo API

- Test Tracetest examples
  - [ ] [Amazon X-Ray example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-amazon-x-ray)
  - [ ] [Datadog example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-datadog)
  - [ ] [Elastic APM example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-elasticapm)
  - [ ] [Lightstep example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-lightstep)
  - [ ] [New Relic example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-new-relic)
  - [ ] [SignalFX example](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/tree/main/examples/tracetest-signalfx)

- Test specific features added/changed on this release:
  - [ ] Add features here
  

>   ### Tests to validate final release

Reviewer 2: There is an extra empty space at the beginning of this line
